[DOCS-12675]  CNM Glossary (#33123)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/cloud_network_monitoring/glossary.md

| ------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Cloud Network Monitoring (CNM)**                      | Cloud Network Monitoring (CNM) provides visibility into network traffic between services, containers, availability zones, and other tags in Datadog, aggregating raw connection-level data (IP, port, PID) into application-layer dependencies between client and server endpoints.  |
| **Flow data**                                           | The low-level data collected by CNM (connections at IP, port, PID levels) that CNM uses to build higher-level representations of network dependencies and traffic flow.                                                                                                                     |

> | **Network Address Translation (NAT)**                   | A method for remapping one IP address into another to allow multiple devices on a private network to share a single public IP address to connect to the internet. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Network Address Translation (NAT)**                   | A method for remapping one IP address to another. This allows multiple devices on a private network to share a single public IP address to connect to the internet. |
```

> ---

Author: Yes good callout, I thought about that too, I think Network Path should have it's own glossary so I'll move the Network path section there, thank you!
